Windows Release Build Tutorial | Added 'Distribute your build' section (#1352)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/packaging/windows-release-builds.md

- `C:\MyProject\install\bin\Windows\release\Monolithic` -- For monolithic projects.

## Distribute your build

To distribute your build to other Windows computers:

1. Create a zip folder of the `<install>\bin\Windows\release\<build>` folder. 

    The contents of the zip folder should look similar to this: 

        Monolithic
        |   DevTestProject.GameLauncher.exe
        |   PhysXDevice64.dll
        |   PhysXGpu_64.dll
        |   
        \---Cache
            \---pc
            engine.pak
                

> 2. Distribute the zip folder in your preferred method such as through a file storage service. 

Author: ```suggestion
2. Distribute the zip folder by using your preferred method such as through a file storage service. 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Distribute the `.zip` file using your preferred method, such as a file storage service. 
```
* Changed "2." to "1.", [per our ordered list formatting guidelines](https://www.o3de.org/docs/contributing/to-docs/style-guide/format/#ordered-lists).
* Same changes as above for "zip folder".
* For a more natural flow, I recommend setting aside the example phrase ("such as...") using a comma.
* To sound slightly less formal, I think that we can drop the words "by" and "through".

> 3. To run the Game Launcher on the other Windows computers, it must have [Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) Redistributable](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-160) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Game Launcher on other Windows computers, they must have the [Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) Redistributable](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-160) installed.
```
* I recommend dropping the ordered list numbering here, as this line is more of a note than an actionable step.
  * (Optional) I think that its appearance as a standard paragraph is fine, but this sentence might make the most sense [formatted as a note](https://www.o3de.org/docs/contributing/to-docs/style-guide/shortcodes/#note).
* Dropped unnecessary "the" ("other Windows computers").
* Presuming that "it" is meant to refer to "Windows computers," I changed it to "they." **Confirm if that's accurate.**
* Added "the" in front of "[MSVC" ("the [MSVC] Redistributable"), per phrasing in the linked MS docs.

- `C:\MyProject\install\bin\Windows\release\Monolithic` -- For monolithic projects.

## Distribute your build

To distribute your build to other Windows computers:

1. Create a `.zip` file of the `<install>\bin\Windows\release\<build>` folder. The contents of the `.zip` file should look similar to this:

        Monolithic
        |   DevTestProject.GameLauncher.exe
        |   PhysXDevice64.dll
        |   PhysXGpu_64.dll
        |   
        \---Cache
            \---pc
            engine.pak
                
1. Distribute the `.zip` file using your preferred method, such as a file storage service. 

Now others can download and unpack the `.zip` file and run the Game Launcher on their Windows computers.

{{< note >}}
To run the Game Launcher on the other Windows computers, they must have the [Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC) Redistributable](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-160) installed.

> {{< /note >}}

Author: @paucom  I formatted the text in a note as you suggested. I also added the sentence "Now others can download..." to conclude the steps in this section.
